Projects page light cleanup (#67)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: projects.md

---
layout: page
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
main_nav: true
nav_order: 4
projects:
  - name: Bitcoin Design Guide
    description: The primary project we are working on, a resource for designers to create better Bitcoin products faster.
    image: /assets/images/contribute/bitcoin-design-guide.svg
    links:
      - name: Site
        link: https://bitcoin.design/guide
      - name: Repository
        link: https://github.com/BitcoinDesign/Guide
  - name: Bitcoin Core
    description: One of the oldest and best-maintained Bitcoin clients.
    image: /assets/images/contribute/bitcoin-core.svg
    links:
      - name: Site
        link: https://bitcoincore.org/
      - name: Contribute
        link: https://bitcoincore.org/en/contribute/
  - name: BTCPay Server

>     description: BTCPay Server is proudly free and open-source, built and maintained by a world-wide community of passionate contributors.

Reviewer: Just added a bit of context since the copy didn't tell what BTCPay Server actually is.
```suggestion
    description: BTCPay Server is a self-hosted, open-source Bitcoin payment processor, built and maintained by a world-wide community of passionate contributors.
```
